docs: add more information about XQuery (#15411)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/xquery/index.md

  - XML
  - XQuery
---

> **XQuery** is a query language, with some programming features, that is designed to query [XML](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/XML/XML_introduction) data collections. It is semantically similar to [SQL](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/SQL) was developed by the [W3C](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/W3C) XML Query Working Group in collaboration with [XSLT](https://developer.mozilla.org/pt-BR/docs/Web/XSLT) 2.0 by the XSL Working Group. The two groups of shared responsibilities for XPath 2.0, which is a subset of XQuery 1.0. It became a W3C recommendation on January 23, 2007.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**XQuery** is a query language, with some programming features, that is designed to query [XML](/en-US/docs/Web/XML/XML_introduction) data collections. It is semantically similar to {{Glossary("SQL")}}. It was developed by the {{Glossary("W3C")}}'s XML Query working group in collaboration with XSL working group for the development of [XSLT](/en-US/docs/Web/XSLT) 2.0. The two groups share responsibilities for XPath, which is a subset of XQuery.

XQuery 1.0 became a W3C recommendation on January 23, 2007.
```

> "The mission of the XML Query project is to provide flexibility to extract real and virtual data from documents over the World Wide Web, as it provides the interaction between the Web and [Database](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Database) world."

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
This is not really needed here.
